Update docs1 (#10)
shuttle-hq/shuttle-docs: resources/shuttle-secrets.mdx

Next, pass `#[shuttle_secrets::Secrets] secret_store: SecretStore` as an argument to your `shuttle_service::main` function.
`SecretStore::get` can now be called to retrieve your API keys and other secrets at runtime.

> ##Example
> 
> An example of the rocket function that uses the shuttle main service is as follows:

Reviewer: There needs to be a space between the '#' and "Example" for it to be turned into a header. If you're not sure how to build the docs locally for development, I left some instructions in the [readme](https://github.com/shuttle-hq/shuttle-docs/blob/main/README.md)
```suggestion
## Example

This snippet shows a shuttle rocket main function that uses the `shuttle_secrets::Secrets` attribute to gain access to a `SecretStore`.
```

```
#[shuttle_service::main]
async fn rocket(
    #[shuttle_secrets::Secrets] secret_store: SecretStore,
) -> shuttle_service::ShuttleRocket {
    // get secret defined in `Secrets.toml` file.
    let secret = if let Some(secret) = secret_store.get("MY_API_KEY") {
        secret
    } else {
        return Err(anyhow!("secret was not found").into());
    };

    let state = MyState { secret };
    let rocket = rocket::build().mount("/", routes![secret]).manage(state);

>     Ok(rock

Reviewer: This snippet is missing a few symbols at the end
